Last method under test is the find matches method that receives a user account ID. It fetches the
user account for that ID using the user repo dot find by ID, and then it invokes find matches on
the user repo.
But passing in the age city country and ID from this user account to find the matches so will have
to stub out or mock out the find by ID call undefined matches.
Call on the user repo to test this find matches method, go to the test.
Add a new test void
test find matches is the method mark it with @ test annotation.
Start by invoking the method under test controller dot find matches, pass in the ID one two three
control one assigned statement to a local variable, call it output matches will do the assertions
later on.
Let's start stubbing out when user account repository Dot find by
ID is the first method that needs to be stubbed out with one two three.
Outside the brackets, then return back optional
dot off new user account.
Put the end semicolon.
Select that new user account.
Control one, extract a local variable call it user account, set some fields on it, user account dot
set id one two three user account dot set age, say 20 user account dot city I am setting the fields which
are required to find the matches.
Austin.
And finally, user account Dot set country within double quotes
USA.
So that's the first step.
Then we do the second one, which is the find matches when user account repository Dot Find Matches
is invoked with the same age
What we have set here, which is 20 city, is.
Austin.
And country is U.S.A. and finally, the id is one two three dot then return back a new array list
of user accounts user account.
Is the type.
Let me take this to the next line to make it a little more readable.
So they're returning back and new ArrayList off user accounts hit control, one extract, a local variable.
And you can move this data up top so that all the stubbing is in one place and all the data is in one
place.
And we can add a few things here.
So instead of a value call, this user accounts.
Copy that and paste it right there as well.
User accounts add a couple of user accounts to this matches that come back.
User account dot add new user account user accounts dot
Add new user account.
I'm adding a couple of empty user accounts that's good enough for our testing.
You can optionally add data to these user accounts and even do sessions at that level.
But that is not required here.
So we have stubbed out the two method calls successfully are we have mocked the calls.
Now we are also invoking controller dot find matches the method under test.
It's time to do the verifications.
Verify that user account repository user account repository outside the brackets.
Dot Find By ID is really invoked with ID
One two three Also Verify User account repository Dot Find Matches is invoked with the exact data that
we are passing in right here and we were stubbed out.
That is the data we should use right here as well, each city, country and ID. Then you can do the
assertions, assert not null the output matches that comes back eventually from the method under test.
This guy is not null.
Also assert.
Equals expected size two, because we have added two user accounts to this array list
Output matches dot size, those two assertions are good enough, so we are testing the find matches
method by stubbing out the two method calls.
The first method call returns a single user account, which will have this data that will be used internally
here.
When this call happens, this user account comes back, what are we have stubbed that data will have
their age 20, said Austin Country as USA and ID one two three that will be used to invoke the find matches
method and the find matches method is invoke when we have stubbed  out that return back a list which
will have two user accounts in it to match us.
And then we are verifying that these calls really happen.
And also, we are asserting it for the right values, right click
run as JUnit test.
And we should see everything green if it goes as planned, there we go.
We have completed the testing, all the five methods have tests
Now.